---
title: Terminology
keywords: Terminology
sidebar: bookswin_sidebar
permalink: books-nirvana-win/terminology.html
folder: BooksWin
hide_sidebar: false
comments: false
---

# Terminology

**1. BOM:** A BOM (Bill of Materials) is a listing of the quantities of each of the materials used in manufacturing a product.

**2.Purchase Order(PO):** It is a document generated by the buyer through the purchase department in order to authorize a purchase transaction. The buyer will match the PO number in the invoice to the PO.

**3.Local Purchase Order(LPO):** It is a document issued by a buyer to a local seller for purchasing the products or services on the spot. There are two cases:

**Purchase is made from unestablished seller (Without Invoice):** In this case, LPO and other documents are issued to Vendor employee (buyer, who is the employee of organization).

**Purchase is made from established seller (With Invoice):** In this case, LPO is issued to Vendor employee (buyer, who is the employee of organization) and other documents like material voucher and invoices issued to established seller (registered vendor).

**4.Job Work Order(JWO):** It is usually a task or a job for a customer that can be scheduled or assigned to someone.

**5.Material Requisition:** It is a document that the production department uses to request materials for manufacturing process.

**6.Material Voucher:** It is used to record the material issue; material receive or material transfer. There are three types of material vouchers-

**•Goods Issue(GI)**

**•Goods Receive(GR)**

**•Transfer Posting(TP)**



**7. Delivery Note:** A document accompanying a shipment of gods that lists the description and quantity of the goods delivered. A copy of delivery note, signed by the buyer or consignee is returned to the seller as a proof of delivery. There are two types of delivery notes:

**•Outgoing Delivery Note (OD Note)**

**•Incoming Delivery Note (ID Note)**

**8. Quantity Debit Note:** When we received shortage of quantity of goods, we will raise this note from Inventory.

**9. Rate Debit Note:** When the supplier has charged some excess rate for the raw material in invoice and for the price difference we will raise this note.

**10. Credit Note:**  It is a document used to adjust or rectify errors made in a sales invoice which has already been processed and sent to a customer. If you have already sent an invoice to a customer but now need to provide a credit note. There are two types of credit note:

**•Rate credit Note- Unit Price Overcharged**

**•Quantity Credit Note – Goods Short Shipped**

**11. Purchase Invoice:** It can be used to prove that something was bought and how much was paid for it.

**12. Consignment Stock:** That are in your possession but ownership lies with the vendor.

**13. FICO:** Financial Accounting and Controlling

**14. MM:** Material Management

**15. Material Indent:** It is a document prepared by the user of material requesting the purchase department to place the order with the supplier for the particular material indented.

**16. Sales Order(SO):** It is a document generated by the seller that authorizes sale of the specified item(s) issued after receipt of a customer’s purchase order.

**17. Sale Invoice:** It is the document a company uses to bill the customer for purchase.

**18. Bank Guarantee:** It is a legally binding document issued by a bank or other financial institution on behalf of a client to a supplier to enable the client to obtain goods or services from a supplier on credit for an agreed time period. It is a formal assurance by the bank to make payments to a supplier in an event where the client fails to meet their part of the debt obligation.
